I just got done taking off the baffles
on my 2011 Dyna Y glide original stuck
pipes the Sallust it's more like a
sewing machine you can see here the
baffles alright let's give it a crank it
up and see though how it sounds you can
see here inside of the pipes no baffles
I didn't get to remove the cat cuz I
don't well so I don't know how to cut it
and put it back together but let's give
it a listen and see if I can it sounds
to my liking
well there you have it folks I don't
know if the video will give it justice
but it sounds really deep and I'm really
happy with the results it took me about
an hour to do so there were some things
to figure out I look how to do it on
YouTube you know the HD forums but I
guess the best way to do it is trial by
air I mean I did follow some protocols
and removing the stuff mufflers and
everything I just took a little bit of
elbow grease and some oil lubrication to
get the baffles out but anyways I hope
this helps and it sounds amazing